GEN-AIS CODE OF CONDUCT 

CONTRIBUTOR COVENANT CODE OF CONDUCT
SCOPE
This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces and also applies when an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces.  Examples of representing our community include using an official email address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event.

PLEDGE
We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, caste, color, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming, diverse, inclusive, and healthy community.

STANDARDS
	Contributors also represent and warrant that you will not, and will not assist, encourage, or enable others to violate this code of conduct.
	Violate the conditions set forth in this code of conduct.  
	Post any fake or defamatory reviews, trade reviews with others, or compensate someone or be compensated to commit to this effort..
	Violate any third party’s rights, including any breach of confidence, copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right.
	Threaten, stalk, harm, or harass others, or promote bigotry, discrimination, hate language, pornography or related sites, political sites or content, sites etc. that damage children or minors, solicit personal information from minors, or submit or transmit pornography.
	Promote terrorism in any form.
	Promote a business or other commercial venture or event, or otherwise use these tools for commercial purposes, except in connection with a bona fide business arrangement with the owner. 
	Violate any applicable laws connected with the development of software.
	Modify, adapt, appropriate, reproduce, distribute, translate, create derivative works or adaptations of, publicly display, sell, trade, or in any way exploit the tools derived by the development except as governed by License for use. 
	Reverse engineer any portion of the software as governed by the license attached to the product.
	Remove or modify any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notice that appears on any portion of the software on any materials printed or copied from the platform. 
	Record, process, or mine information about users.
	Access, retrieve or index any portion of the software for purposes of constructing or populating a searchable database of business reviews.
	Embed or transmit any computer viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses, malicious code, spyware, malware or other items of a destructive or harmful nature into the repository.  Any discovery of a virus will be promptly reported to the repository owner. 
	Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the repository, or otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the repository such crack passwords or security decryption codes that disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise cause harm to the repository.
 
Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment for our
community include:
	Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences.
	Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback.
	Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our mistakes, and learning from the experience.
	Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the overall Community and project.

Examples of unacceptable behavior include:
	The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or advances of  any kind.
	Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks.
	Public or private harassment.
	Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email address,  without their explicit permission.

Enforcement Responsibilities
Community leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of
acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive,
or harmful.

Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject
comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are
not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation
decisions when appropriate.

Enforcement
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at:
           support@genais.ai.
All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.
All community leaders are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the reporter of any incident.

Enforcement Guidelines
Community leaders will follow these Community Impact Guidelines in determining
the consequences for any action they deem in violation of this Code of Conduct:

Correction
Community Impact: Use of inappropriate language or other behavior deemed
unprofessional or unwelcome in the community.

Consequence: A private, written warning from community leaders, providing
clarity around the nature of the violation and an explanation of why the
behavior was inappropriate. A public apology may be requested.

Warning
Community Impact: A violation through a single incident or series of actions.
Consequence: A warning with consequences for continued behavior. No interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, for a specified period of time. This includes avoiding interactions in community spaces as well as external channels like social media. Violating these terms may lead to a temporary or permanent
ban.

Temporary Ban
Community Impact: A serious violation of community standards, including
sustained inappropriate behavior.

Consequence: A temporary ban from any sort of interaction or public communication with the community for a specified period of time. No public or private interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, is allowed during this period.
Violating these terms may lead to a permanent ban.
Permanent Ban
Community Impact: Demonstrating a pattern of violation of community
standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior, harassment of an
individual, or aggression toward or disparagement of classes of individuals.

Consequence: A permanent ban from any sort of public interaction within the
community.

Attribution
This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant, version 2.1, available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct.html.
Community Impact Guidelines were inspired by
Mozilla's code of conduct enforcement ladder][Mozilla CoC.
Mozilla CoC: https://github.com/mozilla/diversity
FAQ: https://www.contributor-covenant.org/faq 
